Update info about the Fastly response headers that should be checked for CDN troubleshooting (#3699)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.1/cloud/cdn/trouble-fastly.md

> Check the returned response headers and values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify that the returned response headers and values contain the following content:
```

> *	X-Magento-Tags should be returned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*	Includes  `X-Magento-Tags`
```

> *	Fastly-Module-Enabled should be either Yes or the Fastly extension version number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*	The `Fastly-Module-Enabled` value is either `Yes` or the version number of the Fastly-Magento module
```

> *	[Cache-Control: max-age](https://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec14.html#sec14.9) should be greater than 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*	[Cache-Control: max-age](https://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec14.html#sec14.9) is greater than 0
```

> * [Pragma](https://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec14.html#sec14.32) should be `cache`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Pragma](https://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec14.html#sec14.32) setting is `cache`
```

During installation and configuration, you should have uploaded the Fastly VCL. These are the base VCL snippets provided by the Fastly module, not custom VCL snippets you create. For instructions, see [Upload Fastly VCL snippets]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/cdn/configure-fastly.html#upload-vcl-snippets).

### X-Cache contains only MISS, no HIT {#xcache-miss}

> The `X-Cache` that contains `HIT` (`HIT, HIT` or `HIT, MISS`) means Fastly returns the cached content successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `X-Cache` header contains `HIT` (`HIT, HIT` or `HIT, MISS`), it indicates that Fastly returns the cached content successfully.
```

> If `X-Cache` is `MISS, MISS`, and does not contain `HIT`, enter the same `curl` command again to make sure the page wasn't recently evicted from the cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `X-Cache` header is `MISS, MISS` and does not contain `HIT`, run  the `curl` command again to make sure the page was not recently purged from the cache.
```
